Linux support (only Gnome for now) (#8)
weisJ/auto-dark-mode: README.md

## Building
````
./gradlew build
./gradlew :auto-dark-mode:buildPlugin
````

### Architecture support
| Operating System | x86 Support        | x86_64 Support     |
|------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| Windows          | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Mac OS           | :x:                | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Linux            | :x:                | :heavy_check_mark: |

### OS-dependent build components
When Gradle builds the plugin, it will only be able to compile 
native components for the operating system running the build.
For example, Mac OS toolchains won't be available to someone 
who is compiling on Windows. For this reason, this plugin depends on 
artifacts built by a [custom GitHub Actions workflow](.github/workflows/libs.yml) for the platforms which cannot be compiled 

> in the given environment. [A custom Gradle plugin](buildSrc/src/main/groovy/UsePrebuiltBinariesWhenUnbuildablePlugin.groovy) 

Reviewer: Thank you very much for providing this build documentation. Even though the plugin will issue a warning for it, it might be worth adding the information that a github access token is required for the artefacts to be downloaded from github.
Something along the line of
>For this you have to specify a valid [GithubAccessToken](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) using the `githubAccessToken` property in your local `gradle.properties` file. The access token only needs to have the permission to read repositories.

Author: Not a problem. I'm always happy to help document various components since it helps both us and any potential future contributors to find their way around.

Author: Completed in 078ed67d1530c874d515c458368af0927b058bd6.

## Building
````
./gradlew build
./gradlew :auto-dark-mode:buildPlugin
````

### Architecture support
| Operating System | x86 Support        | x86_64 Support     |
|------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| Windows          | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |

> | Mac OS           | :x:                | :heavy_check_mark: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| macOS           | :x:                | :heavy_check_mark: |
```

| Linux            | :x:                | :heavy_check_mark: |

### OS-dependent build components
When Gradle builds the plugin, it will only be able to compile 
native components for the operating system running the build.

> For example, Mac OS toolchains won't be available to someone 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, macOS toolchains won't be available to someone 
```

who is compiling on Windows. For this reason, this plugin depends on 
artifacts built by a [custom GitHub Actions workflow](.github/workflows/libs.yml) for the platforms which cannot be compiled 
in the given environment. [A custom Gradle plugin](buildSrc/src/main/groovy/UsePrebuiltBinariesWhenUnbuildablePlugin.groovy) 
downloads these artifacts during the build if necessary.

##### This step requires a GitHub access token
For Gradle to be able to retrieve the pre-built artifacts, you need to provide a [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) using the `githubAccessToken` property in [`gradle.properties`](gradle.properties) file. The access token only needs to have the permission to read repositories. Be sure to **not** commit your token.

##### Requirements for building

With exception to Linux, this plugin only requires that a standard 
C++ toolchain be installed when building on Windows (i.e. VisualCpp) 

> and an Objective-C++ toolchain when building on Mac OS (i.e. Gcc or Clang).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and an Objective-C++ toolchain when building on macOS (i.e. Gcc or Clang).
```
